and now serviceworker gateway hello so
really fast serviceworker gateway
basically what it is is you as ipfs node
running in a serviceworker and it is
used as a gateway in the same way as
when there is installed in ipfs de rio
so really quick if you go to ipfs /a
hash
without the serviceworker being
connected as you can see it goes to a
page that no page was found if so I go
to the main page of the website and I
start the serviceworker as you can see
it is being installed and is now ready
so if I go to again - / FF s / El Cid
you can get a simple file more than more
than a simple file you can also go to a
simple directory and also open a file
inside this directory more I can also if
you go to a directory and it contains an
index.html file it will redirect to it
so if I go to this - that contains that
directory it redirects to index.html and
it's resolved it and finally I can also
check the stats of the ipfs node that is
running for that you go to stats world
the serviceworker ijx it and you can see
all the information of the nodes as well
as the fetched Chinese so far since I
connected that was the ones there I
showed you and it's adds it any question
ok so yeah no so yeah we the gfs website
has been development
and so far this did its look and feel
you can okay a PFS the radio and use the
same ash the video figure it out
Hilda okay so any question thank you
that